♪
(Melissa)
Y'all, let's give
a warm yeehaw to the duelists
dukin' it out' in the opening
match of the Friendship
Cup...
local boy Crow Hogan and
the visitin' Gong Strong!
Did she say Gong!?
Gong is here?
What an honor...
I should be in that
Turbo Duel!
You should always
kick off a tournament
with your best‐‐
and that's me!
♪
(Gong, thinking)
Gong never even rode
a tricycle before.
Hmm?
♪
But if Gong's gonna win
this tourney and dethrone Jack,
Gong's gonna have stop worryin'
about the wobble
and hit the throttle!
(Crow, thinking)
I gotta win this tournament
so I can take down
that traitor Jack!
And if that means
I have to run over Gong,
then that's just what
I'm gonna do.
I only took this
ticket collecting gig
'cause I thought I could
see duels for free,
but the only view I got is
the back o' your head.
And what's wrong with
the back o' my head?
Enjoy the duel.
(Amanda)
We're in, Frankie!
(Frankie)
Who had beans for breakfast?
(Amanda) Not me!
(Terron) Me!
Is that guy
coming or going?
Hmm... I don't think
he even knows.
(Frankie, Amanda,
and Terron groaning)
Gate‐crashers!
We've been made!
Let's go!
Busted!
♪
♪ Hey hey,
Can you feel the power? ♪
♪ You vs. me
Competition for the victory ♪
♪ I could be the best one day
and make history ♪
♪ Swing into action
Are you ready to play? ♪
♪ Challenge anyone anywhere
any day ♪
♪ You wanna take a chance
Go 'head and roll the dice ♪
♪ See if it's in your cards
If you'll pay the price ♪
♪ Activate the spell
Let your powers come to life ♪
♪ It's showtime
Who will win the fight? ♪
♪ I'm ready to duel
Go 'head and make your move ♪
♪ I'll win this duel
You can't beat my moves ♪
♪ I'm in that groove
I know I can't lose ♪
♪ Your turn your tricks
Now what will you choose? ♪
♪ Can you feel
the power? ♪
♪ I'll win this duel
You can't beat my moves ♪
♪ I'm in that groove
I know I can't lose ♪
♪ Your turn your tricks
Now what will you choose? ♪
♪ Can you feel the power? ♪
Folks, the Friendship Cup
is about t' get off
to a rip‐roarin' start
with our first
Turbo Duel!
From my research and
reportin', I know Crow has
skills
that can set fire
to a barbecue,
but I've seen Gong
firsthand,
and he puts
the wow in wowza!
Who do you think is
gonna win, folks?
A low‐class common
and an unknown?
Can't we just declare
both of them losers?
Takes one
to know one, lady!
Yeah, and I bet
you know lots!
C'mon, y'all.
Stop arguing!
Let's have a lil' more class
'n' a lot less sass!
Get on with the duel!
Show those Topsiders
how to duel!
Whoa, these fans
are fired up.
They are no joke.
Huh.
Enough o' this here
ruckus‐rousin'!
We've got duelin' t' do!
Fire up the Action Field.
Crossover Acceleration!
(computer)
Duel Mode engaged...
Autopilot activated...
(Melissa)
On your marks...
get set...
Terron, move it!
I am movin' it!
Well,
then move it faster!
(thinking)
Aw, great!
(Melissa)
Duel!
(air horn blowing)
(tires squealing)
Let's duel!
(grunting)
(Melissa)
Looks like Crow's stuck
in first gear!
(thinking)
I should've known they'd try
to sneak in to cheer me on!
(grunting)
(Melissa)
Gong's comin' up on
the first corner fast.
If he can shake the shimmy,
he'll be going first!
(grunting)
Careful, Gong!
I've gotta end this fast
to help the little rugrats!
Crow grabbed the bull
by the horns
so the first turn
is his for the takin'!
(crowd shouting)
Aw, why can't y'all just have
a pop an' enjoy the duel?
Those little legs
are so fast!
It's my move!
Since I don't have
any monsters
on my field,
I can summon Blackwing,
Gust the Backblast,
in attack mode!
Gust the Backblast lets me
summon another Blackwing‐‐
the Tuner Monster,
Oroshi the Squall!
(squawking)
It's time to ruffle
his feathers!
Oroshi the Squall
tunes Gust the Backblast!
I synchro summon!
Fly forth,
assault Blackwing,
Kuniyoshi
the white rainbow!
That Crow hatched that monster
in the blink of Gong's eye!
Gong's got his work
cut out for himself!
(thinking)
What's he gawkin' at?
You best focus on our duel!
Oh, I'm focused,
all right!
Focused on
taking you down!
You best focus on our duel!
Oh, I'm focused,
all right!
Focused on
taking you down!
I send a Blackwing from
my hand to the graveyard
so that Kuniyoshi can blow
away 300 of your life points.
(grunting)
Guess Gong's the one
who has t' stay focused!
Next, I'm gonna play
the Tuner Monster Blackwing‐‐
Blizzard the Far North!
(squawking)
This'll speed
my victory along.
Once Blizzard the Far North
is on my field,
it can also bring out another
Blackwing from my graveyard!
I'm summoning Blackwing,
Jetstream the Blue Sky!
(howling)
I tune level 2 Blizzard
the Far North
with level 1
Jetstream the Blue Sky!
I Synchro Summon
Assault Blackwing,
Kunisada the White Rainbow!
(growling)
A pair o' birdie
buddies, huh?
Well, Gong ain't scared
of a couple of chickens!
Gong's gonna deep fry 'em!
Don't bite off more
than you can chew!
Kunisada lets me bring
a Blackwing in my graveyard
back to my hand,
and then I can add
its attack points
to both my Synchro Monsters
so my two Blackwings
will be flying high!
Those attack points
just got supersized!
Unfortunately, I have to wait
until my next turn to attack.
It's your move, so
hurry up and make it!
Crow's totally cruisin'.
Why is he in such a rush?
Battling
on this duel runner
is gonna take some
gettin' used to,
but Gong'll get it!
To win,
Gong's gotta adapt!
(thinking)
Where did those three
rascals run off to?
(thinking)
He's eyeballin'
the stands again!
Yo, Crow, we're supposed
t' be duelin' here!
Whatcha doin',
countin' how many fans
y' got in the stands!?
Well, when Gong's
done with ya,
you won't have
a single one left!
Gong don't like
bein' ignored!
Bet Gong's Superheavy
Samurai Magnet
will keep ya focused,
but if that
don't do the trick,
maybe its special
ability will!
It lets Gong
bring out a second one!
So, come on out,
Superheavy Samurai Magnet!
You better stop
your dueldreaming
'cause Gong just created
an impenetrable defense!
When Gong has two Superheavy
Samurai Magnets out,
their special abilities
stop your battlin' birds
from attacking Gong at all.
Gong's turn's done!
Huh. This is gonna take longer
than I had hoped it would.
Huh?
Where'd they disappear to?
(thinking)
I got enough on my plate
with this duel
without having
to worry about them.
It's my turn!
Hah!
Oh, my, those chickens
have been tendered!
Crow's gonna have
t' change things up!
By sendin' Blackwing,
Harmattan the Dust
to the graveyard,
I can activate
Kuniyoshi's
special ability
and deal you
300 points of damage!
Got Gong again!
When it comes
t' sneaky skills,
Crow Hogan's as crafty
as a cattle rustler!
I summon Blackwing Blizzard,
the North Wind!
(roaring)
Then, with the help of
Blizzard's special ability,
I can summon
Harmattan the Dust
from my graveyard!
(squawking)
Looks like Crow's head
is back in the game.
He's playing his cards
as perfectly as possible,
finding ways to
still deal damage
even when Gong stopped
him from attacking.
Crow's pretty crafty!
(thinking)
Kids, just hang in there!
I'm taking my game
to the next level... literally!
Thanks to Harmattan's
special ability,
I can increase
its level from 2 to 5!
All right.
Seal the deal!
I Synchro Summon!
Spread your wings,
Assault Blackwing,
Raikiri
the Rain Shower!
I've got
a whole battalion now,
and Raikiri can use that
to its advantage,
'cause for each
Blackwing on my field,
it can destroy one of
your monsters!
Billy Biscuits!
You found a way
to destroy Gong's Magnets
without attackin'!
That's right. Both your
Magnets are destroyed,
so now I can attack you!
(Melissa) Crow trampled
those defenses
like a herd
o' angry steer!
Raikiri, how 'bout you
make it rain with pain!
(growling)
Oh, no!
If that attack hits,
Gong's gonna have barely
any life points left!
Gong, do something quick
before it's too late!
(Melissa)
Oh, an action card!
That right there is one
o' them special cards
scattered around
the track!
Can Gong grab it in time
to save his hide?
(grunting)
(growling)
Oh, yeah! Crow's attack
was too slow by a hair!
Gong's gonna get
the action card in time!
I wonder how he's gonna
use it to save his hide.
What the what?
He let it pass him by!
Oh no, Gong!
Well, letting
that action card go
was a mistake
for the ages.
Gong's playing
like a tenderfoot.
I thought
it was customary
for duelists from
your standard dimension
to utilize
action cards.
This is Gong's
style of dueling,
and his dueling style is
different from the rest of us.
(thinking)
What's Gong up to?
Gong's gotta tip
Gong's helmet to you
for destroyin'
Gong's Magnets.
But since
Gong took damage,
and there's no spell
or trap cards
in Gong's graveyard,
Gong can summon this here
Superheavy Samurai
in defense mode!
Oh, yeah!
Show your mettle, Superheavy
Samurai Prepped Defense!
(thinking)
Oh, now I see
why he didn't grab it.
Because he wouldn't
have been able
to summon his monster
if he did.
But it's not gonna work!
Your move, Gong!
Gong's rarin' t' go!
And Gong's gonna get Gong's turn
off to a high‐powered start
by settin'
the Pendulum Scale usin'
Superheavy Samurai Generals
Jade and Coral!
Now Gong's allowed
to summon monsters
from Level 2 through 7,
all at the same time!
Gong Pendulum Summons...
...and brings out
Superheavy
Samurai Trumpeter...
and Superheavy
Samurai Flutist!
(crowd murmuring)
Time for
some heavy‐lifting!
General Jade's
pendulum ability
can raise the level of
Superheavy Samurai Trumpeter
from 2 to 3!
And now Gong tunes
Superheavy
Samurai Trumpeter
with Prepped Defense
and Flutist!
Bring it together, guys!
Gong synchro summons...
Superheavy Samurai
Beast Kyubi!
(roaring)
Kyubi!
That's some serious
summoning right there!
Despicable!
Gong's the understudy,
and I'm the main attraction!
I'm the one who's
supposed to be out there
getting showered
with applause!
(man)
Gong's rocked so good!
He's gonna seal
the deal, man!
Golly! They're all
rootin' for Gong!
But now he's gotta strike
while the branding iron's
hot.
Gong's Superheavy
Samurai is
about to get
even heavier!
Kyubi picks up
900 defense points
for each monster
on your field!
So you're playing it
super‐safe.
Au contraire, mon frère,
even if Kyubi is
in defense mode,
it can use
its defense points to attack!
It deals damage
with defense points!?
Only restriction is
that it has to attack
the monster with
the most attack points!
Kyubi, attack Raikiri
the Rain Shower!
Crow just took
a slue o' damage!
He's in big trouble!
Gong's bringing it!
(growling)
General Coral's
Pendulum Ability activates!
Since Kyubi destroyed
your monster,
Gong can tribute
General Coral
to allow Kyubi
to attack again!
Uh‐oh!
I don't like
the sound of that!
Say goodbye
to your Kunisada
and the rest of
your life points!
I wouldn't be
so sure, Gong.
A duel isn't over till
the last card is played!
Don't kid yourself!
Gong could tell you weren't
focused on this duel,
and it's coming back
to haunt you, big time.
You're gonna lose
'cause you've been
distracted
from the get‐go!
Huh?
That's them!
Hmm?
Oh, no...
Run, guys!
This way!
Stop those kids!
(growling)
So those pipsqueaks
are the ones
tugging on
your brain stem?
Who are they?
They're... my family.
Huh?
I remember the day
I found 'the lil jackals.
I was just gonna feed 'em
and send 'em on their way.
(all gobbling)
Don't eat so fast!
This isn't a race,
y' know!
(gurgling)
Are you okay?
Terron!
(burping)
Hey, Terron,
you just grew a mustache!
Oh, yeah? Well, you have
one, too, A‐man‐da!
Well, so do you‐‐ hah!
Really?
You saving that
for later?
Hey, don't give me
any lip, three lips.
Well, your soup‐stache
is super ugly!
Oh, brother!
But it is
super tasty!
Livin' in the slums can
take its toll on you.
It'd been a long time since
anything made me smile.
Everything has
changed for me
since those three pups
became part of my clan.
Let me tell ya, those kids
can drive me up a wall,
but I'd do
anything for 'em.
Maybe by dueling and winning
the Friendship Cup Tournament,
I can show the lil' brats
that even commons like us
can reach as high as the sky
and touch our dreams.
Hang on now...
Huh, it looks like
Gong's not the only one
who has something to duel for,
don't it?
Go, Crow!
Huh?
Rule your duel!
Give Gong
the duel of his life!
Huh?
Listen up, Crow!
Holdin' back
isn't Gong's style,
so if you wanna win
this turbo duel
and give your
little pals hope,
then you'd better
come at Gong
with everything you've got,
and Gong means
everything!
Huh.
Brace yourself!
Cause you're about
to get Gonged!
Thanks to General Coral's
special ability,
it'll be takin'
one for the team,
so that Kyubi can
attack again!
All set, Kyubi!?
Attack Kunisada
the White Rainbow
and win Gong the duel!
Attack Kunisada
the White Rainbow
and win Gong the duel!
Crow's a goner!
Not if I can help it!
I activate the action card...
Evasion!
It lets me dodge your attack!
Crow lassoed that action card
just in the nick o' time!
(cheering)
That was some first‐class
turbo duelin'...
but all your super slick
maneuvers are just
delaying
the inevitable!
None of your monsters are
strong enough to stop Kyubi!
I end my turn!
And since Superheavy
Samurai General Jade
is the only monster
in my Pendulum Zone,
it's destroyed.
(thinking)
Gotta find a way
t' get rid of that thing!
I may be down,
but I'm not out!
The spell Against the Wind
should get me back in the game!
I can retrieve Blackwing
The Far North
from my graveyard
by taking damage
equal to its
attack points.
That move was bold
but risky.
You got, like,
no life points.
You... in trouble!
I summon Blackwing
Blizzard the Far North!
And now I'll activate
Blizzard's special ability
to summon Jetstream
the Blue Sky!
(growling)
Jetstream the Blue Sky tunes
with Blizzard the Far North!
This is the first step
towards finishing this duel!
I Synchro Summon
Assault Blackwing
Kunifusa
the White Rainbow!
By you callin' out
another Synchro Monster,
the defense points
of Gong's Kyubi
soar even higher!
Yeah, I know,
but since I used
a Blackwing
to Synchro Summon Kunifusa,
it turns into
a Tuner monster,
so that give me
some interesting options!
Huh!? You've gotta be
goofin' ol' Gong!
'Fraid not!
Level 3 Kunifusa Tunes
both Kuniyoshi and Kunisada
the White Rainbows!
Assault Blackwings,
combine your strength
to call forth
the harbinger of disaster!
I Synchro Summon!
Here comes
Assault Blackwing
Kusanagi the Gathering Storm!
(growling)
Since he's got
fewer monsters,
that's gonna put a serious hit
on Kyubi's defense points.
Woo‐wee! Crow's chargin'
harder than an angry steer!
I think
you'll all agree
he's puttin' on quite
an extravaganza!
Go, Crow!
Woo‐hoo!
Yeah!
Get 'im!
Are you ready, Gong!?
Kusanagi is
about to become
more powerful than
you ever thought possible!
It gains
the attack points
of all three White Rainbows
I used to summon it!
6,000 attack points!
Kusanagi
the Gathering Storm,
bring the thunder and lightning
and attack Gong's Kyubi!
Good thing Gong's monster
is in defense mode
'cause Gong won't
take any damage.
Kusanagi still
deals you damage
even if your monster is
in defense mode.
No!
(thunder crashing)
No way!
Hoo‐wee!
Local yokel Crow Hogan
and his team
o' feathered fighters
win the openin' duel!
(roaring and cheering)
Whoopee!
You were terrif, Crow!
That sure was a close one.
Gong put up a fight,
but I finished up strong.
(kids)
Yay, Crow!
That was amazing, Crow!
You showed him who's boss!
Nice dueling!
Guys, time to vamoose
our caboose!
Freeze, you brats!
This meeting of
the Crow Hogan Fan Club
is officially
adjourned!
(crowd murmurs)
Move it!
Let us through!
Yo, Crow.
Gong's faced
some gutsy duelists,
but you out‐gut 'em all!
You're not bad
yourself.
(cheering)
You rock, Crow!
Truly a splendid
performance!
Dueling really can
bring us all together.
The crowd was arguing
with each other before the duel,
but they're now
all cheering as one.
Gong, thanks for
proving that.
♪ You vs. me
Competition for the victory ♪
♪ I could be the best one day
and make history ♪
♪ Activate the spell
Let your powers come to life ♪
♪ It's showtime
Who will win the fight? ♪
♪ I'm ready to duel
Go 'head and make your move ♪
♪ I'll win this duel
You can't beat my moves ♪
♪ I'm in that groove
I know I can't lose ♪
♪ Your turn your tricks
Now what will you choose? ♪
♪ Can you feel the power? ♪
♪ You vs. me
Competition for the victory ♪
♪ I could be the best one day
and make history ♪
♪ Activate the spell
Let your powers come to life ♪
♪ It's showtime
Who will win the fight? ♪
♪ I'm ready to duel
Go 'head and make your move ♪
♪ I'll win this duel
You can't beat my moves ♪
♪ I'm in that groove
I know I can't lose ♪
♪ Your turn your tricks
Now what will you choose? ♪
♪ Can you feel the power? ♪
♪ You vs. me
Competition for the victory ♪
♪ I could be the best one day
and make history ♪
♪ Activate the spell
Let your powers come to life ♪
♪ It's showtime
Who will win the fight? ♪
♪ I'm ready to duel
Go 'head and make your move ♪
♪ I'll win this duel
You can't beat my moves ♪
♪ I'm in that groove
I know I can't lose ♪
♪ Your turn your tricks
Now what will you choose? ♪
♪ Can you feel the power? ♪